.\" dem-dm.8 --
.\" Copyright 2018-2019 Intel Corporation, Inc.
.\" May be distributed under the GNU General Public License
.TH DEM-DM 8 "February 2019" "nvmeof-dem" "System Administration"
.SH NAME
dem-dm \-
Distributed Endpoint Management - Discovery Monitor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dem-dm
can be used on an NVMe-oF Host to use a Discovery controller to monitor
available Subsystems within a NVMe-oF network. The Discovery controller may be
provided by the Distributed Endpoint Manager (DEM) or may be provided by a
single Endpoint.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dem-dm
will monitor a Discovery controller to retrieve the log pages of the
Subsystems to which that Host has access.  The program with then determine
if there were any changes to the log pages. If the were new or modified pages,
the entire log page will be displayed.  If a log page is remove, a simple
message indicating the subsystem nqn was deleted would be displayed.

.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.I -d
enable debug prints in log files
.TP
.I -h <hostnqn>
the Host NQN to use for connecting to be the Discovery controller
.TP
.B Discovery controller info:
.TP
.I -t <trtype>
transport type to use, i.e. rdma, tcp, fc (see help for default)
.TP
.I -f <adrfam>
address family, i.e. ipv4, ipv6, fc (see help for default)
.TP
.I -a <traddr>
transport address to use, must match address family definition of an address
(see help for default)
.TP
.I -s <trsvcid>
transport service id (a.k.a. Port Number) to use. (see help for default)

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dem-cli (1),
.BR dem (8),
.BR dem-em (8),
.BR dem-ac (8),
.SH AVAILABILITY
The dem-dm command is part of the nvmeof-dem package and is available from
http://github.com/linux-nvme/nvme-dem.
