.\" dem-dc.8 --
.\" Copyright 2018 Intel Corporation, Inc.
.\" May be distributed under the GNU General Public License
.TH DEM-DC 8 "March 2018" "nvmeof-dem" "System Administration"
.SH NAME
dem-dc \-
Distributed Endpoint Management - Discovery Controller
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dem-dc
is the Discovery controller used to manage and configure NVMe-oF networks
using Distributed Endpoint Management
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dem-dc
is a program that can run as a daemon or standalone to interact with NVMe-oF
Hosts and Endpoints to configure Enpoint Subsystems and Port IDs; collect log
pages; and diseminate them to Hosts.

This command doesn't manipulate enclosure components or network configurations.

.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.I -d
enable debug prints in log files
.TP
.I -s
run as a standalone process (default is do run as a daemon)
.TP
.I -p <port>
port from RESTful interface (see help for default)
.TP
.I -r <root>
root for RESTful interface (default is /)
.TP
.I -c <cert_file>
cert file for RESTful interface use with ssl

.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration files defining the individual interfaces the Discover controller
will use are located in
.B /etc/nvme/nvmeof-dem
and are similar to the ifcfg files.  Lines may be commented out using bash
comment syntax of starting the line with a pound sign (#).  The parameters in
these files are:
.RS
.TP
.I TRTYPE=[rdma|tcp|fc]
the transport type of the fabric for this interface
.TP
.I ADRFAM=[ipv4|ipv6|fc]
the address family for this interface
.TP
.I TRADDR=<address>
the transport address of this interface
.TP
.I TRSVCID=<service id>
the transport service id of this interface
.RE

The web interface login is stored in the file
.B signature
and is stored encrypted so neither the user id nor password are ever
maintained or used in plain text.

The Endpoint configuration is kept in JSON format in the file
.B config
and the schema for this file can be found in the gitlab repository.
.SH LOG FILES
When running as a daemon, log files are stored in the
.B /var/log
directory.  Error messages are logged in
.B dem-dc_debug.log
file and debug messages are logged in
.B dem-dc.log
file.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dem (1),
.BR dem-ac (8),
.BR dem-ec (8),
.SH AVAILABILITY
The dem-dc command is part of the nvmeof-dem package and is available from
http://github.com/linux-nvme/dem.
